_pages/blog.md, before:

---
layout: blog
permalink: /in-the-news/
title: "In the News"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "In the News"
  text: |
    This section features a curated collection of articles and press releases on International Patient Access, HL7 FHIR and health data interoperability. Discover insights from industry leaders, innovative practices, and advancements shaping the future of healthcare data sharing. Whether you're a healthcare professional or a patient, these resources will keep you informed about the latest developments in accessible and secure health information.

    [International Patient Access](https://blog.hl7.org/international-patient-access){: target="_blank"}\
    The HL7 International Patient Access project uses the FHIR standard to enable secure, global access to health information, empowering patients to manage their healthcare across systems.

    [Karras, Vetter, Rahn & Vogt - IPA & IPS: Peanut Butter and Jelly, Better Together | DevDays Dec 2024](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDuVr9bYwBE){: target="_blank"}\
    Is global interop your jam? Join us for an introduction to two delectable FHIR projects-International Patient Access (IPA) defines a universal realm API for apps and International Patient Summary (IPS) enables cross-border care summary exchange.

    [Home and Away - The International Patient Summary & Access](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/home-away-international-patient-summary-access-andy-harrison-qceqf/){: target="_blank"}\
    The Patient Access project aims to provide secure and seamless access to health information for patients globally, enhancing healthcare delivery and empowering individuals to manage their health records effectively.

    [Mikael Rinnetmäki - International Patient Access (IPA) specification | DevDays 2023 Amsterdam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BP_EELyOx4){: target="_blank"}\
    A video discussion on the importance of International Patient Access, highlighting how it utilizes the FHIR standard to empower patients with secure access to their health data and emphasizes the project's role in improving healthcare delivery while fostering interoperability across different healthcare systems.

    [International Patient Access (IPA) - 5 Minute Intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MuLsgz8LrI){: target="_blank"}\
    International Patient Access (IPA) is a healthcare standard that enables regulators, empowers patients, and guides health app developers toward greater patient access to health information through consistency across countries for multinational apps and Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resource (FHIR) servers. 

    [Grahame Grieve on IPS and IPA](https://international-patient-summary.net/grahame-grieve-on-ips-and-ipa/){: target="_blank"}\
    During the IHE Connectathon in Montreux, Switzerland, 13-16 September 2022, Grahame Grieve gave a talk focusing on the International Patient Summary (IPS) and International Patient Access (IPA) standards as part of the HL7 FHIR family within HL7 International.

    [Isaac Vetter - International Patient Access | DevDays June 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo4NXmqF8Qc&t=39s){: target="_blank"}\
    This video reviews the significance of the HL7 FHIR standard in enhancing international patient access to health information and how it enables secure data sharing and interoperability among healthcare systems. It emphasizes the benefits for patients, including greater control over their health data and improved care coordination.

    [Mikael Rinnetmäki - Global Implementations with the International Patient Access | DevDays June 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn9nSh_yCCA&t=554s){: target="_blank"}\
    The video discusses the role of HL7 FHIR in improving patient access to their health information, showcasing how it enables interoperability and empowers users to manage their own health data more effectively.


# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "On Connected Care for Canadians Act"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "This legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."
---

Commit message:

Added registered trademarks and disclaimers to blog, empower patients, faqs, resources for both decision makers and patients, about us and adoption pages

_pages/blog.md, after:

---
layout: blog
permalink: /in-the-news/
title: "In the News"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "In the News"
  text: |
    This section features a curated collection of articles and press releases on International Patient Access, HL7® FHIR® and health data interoperability. Discover insights from industry leaders, innovative practices, and advancements shaping the future of healthcare data sharing. Whether you're a healthcare professional or a patient, these resources will keep you informed about the latest developments in accessible and secure health information.

    [International Patient Access](https://blog.hl7.org/international-patient-access){: target="_blank"}\
    The HL7 International Patient Access project uses the FHIR standard to enable secure, global access to health information, empowering patients to manage their healthcare across systems.

    [Karras, Vetter, Rahn & Vogt - IPA & IPS: Peanut Butter and Jelly, Better Together | DevDays Dec 2024](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDuVr9bYwBE){: target="_blank"}\
    Is global interop your jam? Join us for an introduction to two delectable FHIR projects-International Patient Access (IPA) defines a universal realm API for apps and International Patient Summary (IPS) enables cross-border care summary exchange.

    [Home and Away - The International Patient Summary & Access](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/home-away-international-patient-summary-access-andy-harrison-qceqf/){: target="_blank"}\
    The Patient Access project aims to provide secure and seamless access to health information for patients globally, enhancing healthcare delivery and empowering individuals to manage their health records effectively.

    [Mikael Rinnetmäki - International Patient Access (IPA) specification | DevDays 2023 Amsterdam](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9BP_EELyOx4){: target="_blank"}\
    A video discussion on the importance of International Patient Access, highlighting how it utilizes the FHIR standard to empower patients with secure access to their health data and emphasizes the project's role in improving healthcare delivery while fostering interoperability across different healthcare systems.

    [International Patient Access (IPA) - 5 Minute Intro](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4MuLsgz8LrI){: target="_blank"}\
    International Patient Access (IPA) is a healthcare standard that enables regulators, empowers patients, and guides health app developers toward greater patient access to health information through consistency across countries for multinational apps and Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resource (FHIR) servers. 

    [Grahame Grieve on IPS and IPA](https://international-patient-summary.net/grahame-grieve-on-ips-and-ipa/){: target="_blank"}\
    During the IHE Connectathon in Montreux, Switzerland, 13-16 September 2022, Grahame Grieve gave a talk focusing on the International Patient Summary (IPS) and International Patient Access (IPA) standards as part of the HL7 FHIR family within HL7 International.

    [Isaac Vetter - International Patient Access | DevDays June 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wo4NXmqF8Qc&t=39s){: target="_blank"}\
    This video reviews the significance of the HL7 FHIR standard in enhancing international patient access to health information and how it enables secure data sharing and interoperability among healthcare systems. It emphasizes the benefits for patients, including greater control over their health data and improved care coordination.

    [Mikael Rinnetmäki - Global Implementations with the International Patient Access | DevDays June 2022](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fn9nSh_yCCA&t=554s){: target="_blank"}\
    The video discusses the role of HL7 FHIR in improving patient access to their health information, showcasing how it enables interoperability and empowers users to manage their own health data more effectively.

    HL7®, and FHIR® are the registered trademarks of Health Level Seven International and their use of these trademarks does not constitute an endorsement by HL7.


# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "On Connected Care for Canadians Act"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "This legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."
---
