_pages/empower-patients.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /empower-patients/
title: "Empower Patients"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "Empower Patients"
  text: |
    International Patient Access (IPA) is the emerging global standard that allows patients and medical apps to easily access and share health information across countries. It builds upon existing FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standards but adds important improvements for secure, reliable, and consistent data exchange.


    Many countries already use FHIR, but IPA addresses crucial limitations:

    - Secure Access: IPA ensures that only authorized users and apps can access health information, protecting patient privacy.  It defines how apps get permission to access data using standard methods (like OAuth 2.0).
    - Standardized Data: IPA creates a common set of data types and formats.  This means medical apps can work consistently across different systems worldwide, simplifying development and improving interoperability.

    IPA enables the authorized access and exchange of the following data types:

    - Patient Profiles: Basic demographics and identifiers.
    - Allergies/Intolerances: A record of patient allergies and intolerances.
    - Conditions: Diagnoses and health problems.
    - Documents: Links to medical documents.
    - Immunizations: Vaccination records.
    - Medications: Information about prescribed and administered medications.
    - Observations: Results from tests, vital signs, etc.
    - Practitioners: Information about healthcare providers.


    IPA's Global Adoption:


    Many countries and EHR (electronic health record) systems already support FHIR and are moving towards IPA-compliant systems.  Several nations are actively building their national health information standards based on IPA.
  button:
    name: "Technical Resources"
    link: "/resources-for-decision-makers/"
  image: "/assets/images/Component 1.png"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "Connected Care for Canadians"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "The Connected Care for Canadians Act legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."
---

Commit message:

Added registered trademarks and disclaimers to blog, empower patients, faqs, resources for both decision makers and patients, about us and adoption pages

_pages/empower-patients.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /empower-patients/
title: "Empower Patients"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "Empower Patients"
  text: |
    International Patient Access (IPA) is the emerging global standard that allows patients and medical apps to easily access and share health information across countries. It builds upon existing FHIR® (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standards but adds important improvements for secure, reliable, and consistent data exchange.


    Many countries already use FHIR, but IPA addresses crucial limitations:

    - Secure Access: IPA ensures that only authorized users and apps can access health information, protecting patient privacy.  It defines how apps get permission to access data using standard methods (like OAuth 2.0).
    - Standardized Data: IPA creates a common set of data types and formats.  This means medical apps can work consistently across different systems worldwide, simplifying development and improving interoperability.

    IPA enables the authorized access and exchange of the following data types:

    - Patient Profiles: Basic demographics and identifiers.
    - Allergies/Intolerances: A record of patient allergies and intolerances.
    - Conditions: Diagnoses and health problems.
    - Documents: Links to medical documents.
    - Immunizations: Vaccination records.
    - Medications: Information about prescribed and administered medications.
    - Observations: Results from tests, vital signs, etc.
    - Practitioners: Information about healthcare providers.


    IPA's Global Adoption:


    Many countries and EHR (electronic health record) systems already support FHIR and are moving towards IPA-compliant systems.  Several nations are actively building their national health information standards based on IPA.

    HL7®, and FHIR® are the registered trademarks of Health Level Seven International and their use of these trademarks does not constitute an endorsement by HL7.
    
  button:
    name: "Technical Resources"
    link: "/resources-for-decision-makers/"
  image: "/assets/images/Component 1.png"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "Connected Care for Canadians"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "The Connected Care for Canadians Act legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."
---
