_pages/locations.md, before:

---
layout: locations
permalink: /locations/
title: "Locations"

# Locations Map
locations_map:
  heading: Worldwide Organizations
  subheading: "Locations worldwide who use the IPA Standard."
  description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur."

# Locations List
locations_list:
  heading: "Participating Applications"
  subheading: "Apps who use the IPA Standard."
  description: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur."

---

Commit message:

Addressed formatting of FAQs, worldwide adoption content and CCCA testimonial formatting

_pages/locations.md, after:

---
layout: locations
permalink: /worldwide-adoption/
title: "Worldwide Adoption"

# Locations Map
locations_map:
  heading: "Worldwide Locations"
  subheading: "Discover global progress in health data interoperability."
  description: |
    These countries and regions have implemented International Patient Access (IPA) using the HL7 FHIR standard, enabling cross-border health data access. Click on each area to learn more.
  
    **Submit Your Location**
    Do you represent a health care organization, government agency, laboratory, pharmacy or payor? Learn more about [submitting your organization](https://github.com/HL7/ipa-website/blob/main/README.md#organization-listing){: target="_blank"} for listing.

# Locations List
locations_list:
  heading: "Participating Applications"
  subheading: "Directory of health IT patient-facing apps supporting IPA standards."
  description: |
    This directory showcases a range of applications that empower patients to securely share and manage their health data. 
    
    **Submit your App**
    Are you a developer of a patient-facing health IT app that supports HL7 FHIR International Patient Access (IPA) standards? Submit your application to be featured in our directory by understanding the requirements and filling out our [submission form](https://github.com/HL7/ipa-website/blob/main/README.md#app-listing){: target="_blank"}.

    Disclaimer: The inclusion of apps in this directory does not imply endorsement by the HL7 FHIR IPA project. Users are encouraged to research and verify the suitability of each app for their specific needs.


---
