_pages/resources-for-patients.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /resources-for-patients/
title: "Resources for Patients"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "Resources for Patients"
  text: |
    What is International Patient Access?

    [International Patient Access (IPA)](/what-is-patient-access/){: target="_blank"} enables you to easily and securely access your health data across different healthcare systems and countries, much like how you would manage your bank accounts through online banking. This access is made possible by adhering to the HL7 FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standard, which ensures data is shared in a secure and standardized way.

    Benefits of Accessing Your Healthcare Data:

    - Empowerment and Control: By having access to your health data, you can make informed decisions about your care and treatment options. This empowers you to be an active participant in your healthcare journey.

    - Improved Care Coordination: With your data readily available, healthcare providers can better coordinate your care, leading to improved outcomes and a more streamlined healthcare experience.

    - Access Anywhere, Anytime: Regardless of where you are in the world, you can access your vital health information, ensuring you receive accurate and timely care when traveling or relocating.

    - Privacy and Security: The use of international standards like HL7 FHIR ensures that your health data is shared securely, protecting your privacy while allowing necessary access for healthcare providers.

    How to Get Started

    1. Talk to Your Healthcare Provider: Ask if they are using IPA-enabled systems and how you can access your health records.
    2. Use Secure Health Portals: Many healthcare providers offer patient portals where you can safely view your medical records, test results, treatment plans and connect this data to other apps.
    3. Stay Informed: Follow updates to health data access to ensure you're aware of your options.
  image: "/assets/images/Group 28.png"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "Connected Care for Canadians"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "The Connected Care for Canadians Act legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."
---

Commit message:

Added registered trademarks and disclaimers to blog, empower patients, faqs, resources for both decision makers and patients, about us and adoption pages

_pages/resources-for-patients.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /resources-for-patients/
title: "Resources for Patients"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "Resources for Patients"
  text: |
    What is International Patient Access?

    [International Patient Access (IPA)](/what-is-patient-access/){: target="_blank"} enables you to easily and securely access your health data across different healthcare systems and countries, much like how you would manage your bank accounts through online banking. This access is made possible by adhering to the HL7® FHIR® (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standard, which ensures data is shared in a secure and standardized way.

    Benefits of Accessing Your Healthcare Data:

    - Empowerment and Control: By having access to your health data, you can make informed decisions about your care and treatment options. This empowers you to be an active participant in your healthcare journey.

    - Improved Care Coordination: With your data readily available, healthcare providers can better coordinate your care, leading to improved outcomes and a more streamlined healthcare experience.

    - Access Anywhere, Anytime: Regardless of where you are in the world, you can access your vital health information, ensuring you receive accurate and timely care when traveling or relocating.

    - Privacy and Security: The use of international standards like HL7 FHIR ensures that your health data is shared securely, protecting your privacy while allowing necessary access for healthcare providers.

    How to Get Started

    1. Talk to Your Healthcare Provider: Ask if they are using IPA-enabled systems and how you can access your health records.
    2. Use Secure Health Portals: Many healthcare providers offer patient portals where you can safely view your medical records, test results, treatment plans and connect this data to other apps.
    3. Stay Informed: Follow updates to health data access to ensure you're aware of your options.

    HL7®, and FHIR® are the registered trademarks of Health Level Seven International and their use of these trademarks does not constitute an endorsement by HL7.
  image: "/assets/images/Group 28.png"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "Connected Care for Canadians"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "The Connected Care for Canadians Act legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."
---
