_pages/what-is-patient-access.md, before:

---
layout: about
permalink: /what-is-patient-access/
title: "What is Patient Access"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "What is the International Patient Access Standard?"
  text: |
    The [International Patient Access (IPA)](/faqs/){: target="_blank"} standard is the emerging global specification that allows patients and medical apps to easily access and share health information across countries. It builds upon existing FHIR (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standards but adds important improvements for secure, reliable, and consistent data exchange.

    **Key Features of IPA:**

    IPA uses FHIR profiles (specifications for how specific data is structured) to define a globally harmonized set of core health information. Countries can then expand on this base information to meet their unique needs.


    **Learn More:**

    You can find more details on the IPA 1.0 specification and related resources. Stay updated on the latest IPA developments by visiting [our blog](https://blog.hl7.org/international-patient-access){: target="_blank"} and joining the HL7 community.


    **Who is driving the IPA project?**


    The IPA initiative is driven by HL7 International, a not-for-profit organization dedicated to developing standards for the exchange of electronic health information. As a global leader in health data interoperability, HL7's work is largely made possible through the contributions of volunteers from various sectors in the healthcare and technology industries.

    **Participating Organizations and Individuals:**

    - Healthcare Providers: Hospitals, clinics, and healthcare networks around the globe contribute insights and testing environments.
    - Technology Companies: Leaders in health IT who provide expertise in software and systems integration.
    Government Health Agencies: Ensuring regulations and standards are met across different countries.
    - Academic Institutions: Conducting research and providing expert analyses and recommendations.
    - Dedicated Individuals: Volunteers from all backgrounds, including doctors, nurses, IT professionals, and policymakers, who bring diverse perspectives and skills to the table.


    The collaboration among these entities exemplifies the commitment to improving global health data interoperability and ensuring patients have greater access and control over their healthcare information.
  button:
    name: "FAQs"
    link: "/faqs/"
  image: "/assets/images/IPA.png"


# skills
our_skill:
  heading: "Let Know Our Expert Skills"
  description: "Curabitur libero eros, efficitur sit amet sodales tincidunt, aliquet et leo. Sed ut nibh feugiat, auctor enim quis, hendrerit ipsum. Aenean blandit lacinia suscipit. Nunc ut tincidunt massa, eu semper lacus."
  image: "/assets/images/skill.png"
  list:
    - name: "UI/UX Design"
      percentage: "85%"
    - name: "Web Design"
      percentage: "75%"
    - name: "HTML/CSS"
      percentage: "90%"
    - name: "Sketch"
      percentage: "65%"

# Work Experience
work_experience:
  heading: "Our Work Experience"
  description: "When unknow printer took a gallery of type and scramblted it to make a type specimen book"
  list:
    - name: "1."
      text: "Mauris dictum eros purus, vitae pharetra risus pulvinar rhoncus. Duis bibendum tristique luctus. Aliquam non urna odio morbi nec lectus tempus lorem vehicula consequat sed eu lectus. Ut maximus nulla a est placer."
      position: "Graphic Designer"
      name2: "john abraham"
      duration: "March 2007- August 2020"
    - name: "2."
      text: "Mauris dictum eros purus, vitae pharetra risus pulvinar rhoncus. Duis bibendum tristique luctus. Aliquam non urna odio morbi nec lectus tempus lorem vehicula consequat sed eu lectus. Ut maximus nulla a est placer."
      position: "Graphic Designer"
      name2: "john abraham"
      duration: "March 2007- August 2020"
    - name: "3."
      text: "Mauris dictum eros purus, vitae pharetra risus pulvinar rhoncus. Duis bibendum tristique luctus. Aliquam non urna odio morbi nec lectus tempus lorem vehicula consequat sed eu lectus. Ut maximus nulla a est placer."
      position: "Graphic Designer"
      name2: "john abraham"
      duration: "March 2007- August 2020"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "Connected Care for Canadians"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "The Connected Care for Canadians Act legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."

# Latest Blog Post
latest_blog_post:
  heading: "Latest Blog"
  description: "When unknow printer took a gallery of type and scramblted it to make a type specimen book"

---

Commit message:

Added registered trademarks and disclaimers to blog, empower patients, faqs, resources for both decision makers and patients, about us and adoption pages

_pages/what-is-patient-access.md, after:

---
layout: about
permalink: /what-is-patient-access/
title: "What is Patient Access"

# Content
general_content:
  heading: "What is the International Patient Access Standard?"
  text: |
    The [International Patient Access (IPA)](/faqs/){: target="_blank"} standard is the emerging global specification that allows patients and medical apps to easily access and share health information across countries. It builds upon existing FHIR® (Fast Healthcare Interoperability Resources) standards but adds important improvements for secure, reliable, and consistent data exchange.

    **Key Features of IPA:**

    IPA uses FHIR profiles (specifications for how specific data is structured) to define a globally harmonized set of core health information. Countries can then expand on this base information to meet their unique needs.


    **Learn More:**

    You can find more details on the IPA 1.0 specification and related resources. Stay updated on the latest IPA developments by visiting [our blog](https://blog.hl7.org/international-patient-access){: target="_blank"} and joining the HL7® community.


    **Who is driving the IPA project?**


    The IPA initiative is driven by HL7 International, a not-for-profit organization dedicated to developing standards for the exchange of electronic health information. As a global leader in health data interoperability, HL7's work is largely made possible through the contributions of volunteers from various sectors in the healthcare and technology industries.

    **Participating Organizations and Individuals:**

    - Healthcare Providers: Hospitals, clinics, and healthcare networks around the globe contribute insights and testing environments.
    - Technology Companies: Leaders in health IT who provide expertise in software and systems integration.
    Government Health Agencies: Ensuring regulations and standards are met across different countries.
    - Academic Institutions: Conducting research and providing expert analyses and recommendations.
    - Dedicated Individuals: Volunteers from all backgrounds, including doctors, nurses, IT professionals, and policymakers, who bring diverse perspectives and skills to the table.


    The collaboration among these entities exemplifies the commitment to improving global health data interoperability and ensuring patients have greater access and control over their healthcare information.

    HL7®, and FHIR® are the registered trademarks of Health Level Seven International and their use of these trademarks does not constitute an endorsement by HL7.
  button:
    name: "FAQs"
    link: "/faqs/"
  image: "/assets/images/IPA.png"


# skills
our_skill:
  heading: "Let Know Our Expert Skills"
  description: "Curabitur libero eros, efficitur sit amet sodales tincidunt, aliquet et leo. Sed ut nibh feugiat, auctor enim quis, hendrerit ipsum. Aenean blandit lacinia suscipit. Nunc ut tincidunt massa, eu semper lacus."
  image: "/assets/images/skill.png"
  list:
    - name: "UI/UX Design"
      percentage: "85%"
    - name: "Web Design"
      percentage: "75%"
    - name: "HTML/CSS"
      percentage: "90%"
    - name: "Sketch"
      percentage: "65%"

# Work Experience
work_experience:
  heading: "Our Work Experience"
  description: "When unknow printer took a gallery of type and scramblted it to make a type specimen book"
  list:
    - name: "1."
      text: "Mauris dictum eros purus, vitae pharetra risus pulvinar rhoncus. Duis bibendum tristique luctus. Aliquam non urna odio morbi nec lectus tempus lorem vehicula consequat sed eu lectus. Ut maximus nulla a est placer."
      position: "Graphic Designer"
      name2: "john abraham"
      duration: "March 2007- August 2020"
    - name: "2."
      text: "Mauris dictum eros purus, vitae pharetra risus pulvinar rhoncus. Duis bibendum tristique luctus. Aliquam non urna odio morbi nec lectus tempus lorem vehicula consequat sed eu lectus. Ut maximus nulla a est placer."
      position: "Graphic Designer"
      name2: "john abraham"
      duration: "March 2007- August 2020"
    - name: "3."
      text: "Mauris dictum eros purus, vitae pharetra risus pulvinar rhoncus. Duis bibendum tristique luctus. Aliquam non urna odio morbi nec lectus tempus lorem vehicula consequat sed eu lectus. Ut maximus nulla a est placer."
      position: "Graphic Designer"
      name2: "john abraham"
      duration: "March 2007- August 2020"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  list:
    - name: "Digital Square"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Ultimately, we believe data standardization will lead to more equitable health care systems and better health outcomes for all."
    - name: "UK Government"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "G7 ministers have committed to developing internationally shared principles for enabling patient access to health data and promoting the use of open standards for health data for public health."
    - name: "Connected Care for Canadians"
      position: "The Honourable Mark Holland, Minister of Health of Canada"
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "The Connected Care for Canadians Act legislation is about enabling Canadians to access their own health data and to use that information to make better decisions about their health care, no matter where they are receiving it. It will also allow health care professionals to deliver higher quality and coordinated care and make more informed patient decisions."

# Latest Blog Post
latest_blog_post:
  heading: "Latest Blog"
  description: "When unknow printer took a gallery of type and scramblted it to make a type specimen book"

---
