_pages/worldwide-adoption.md, before:

---
layout: locations
permalink: /worldwide-adoption/
title: "Worldwide Adoption"

# Locations Map
locations_map:
  heading: "Worldwide Locations"
  subheading: "Discover global progress in health data interoperability."
  description: |
    These countries and regions have implemented International Patient Access (IPA) using the HL7 FHIR standard, enabling cross-border health data access.  

    **Submit Your Location**\
    Do you represent a health care organization, government agency, laboratory, pharmacy or payor? Learn more about [submitting your organization](https://github.com/HL7/ipa-website/blob/main/README.md#organization-listing){: target="_blank"} for listing.

# Locations List
locations_list:
  heading: "Participating Apps"
  subheading: "Health IT patient-facing apps supporting IPA standards."
  description: |
    **Submit your App**\
    Are you a developer of a patient-facing health IT app that supports HL7 FHIR International Patient Access (IPA) standards? Submit your application to be featured in our directory by understanding the requirements and filling out our [submission form](https://github.com/HL7/ipa-website/blob/main/README.md#app-listing){: target="_blank"}.  
    
    Disclaimer: The inclusion of apps in this directory does not imply endorsement by the HL7 FHIR IPA project. Users are encouraged to research and verify the suitability of each app for their specific needs.


---

Commit message:

(ARG-49) ✨ Add locations and apps sections with dynamic data integration
Signed-off-by: GitHub <noreply@github.com>

_pages/worldwide-adoption.md, after:

---
layout: locations
permalink: /worldwide-adoption/
title: "Worldwide Adoption"

# Organizations List
locations_orgs:
  heading: "Worldwide Locations"
  subheading: "Discover global progress in health data interoperability."
  description: |
    These countries and regions have implemented International Patient Access (IPA) using the HL7 FHIR standard, enabling cross-border health data access.

    **Submit Your Location**\
    Do you represent a health care organization, government agency, laboratory, pharmacy or payor? Learn more about [submitting your organization](https://github.com/HL7/ipa-website/blob/main/README.md#organization-listing){: target="_blank"} for listing.
  show_map: true

# Apps List
locations_apps:
  heading: "Participating Apps"
  subheading: "Health IT patient-facing apps supporting IPA standards."
  description: |
    **Submit your App**\
    Are you a developer of a patient-facing health IT app that supports HL7 FHIR International Patient Access (IPA) standards? Submit your application to be featured in our directory by understanding the requirements and filling out our [submission form](https://github.com/HL7/ipa-website/blob/main/README.md#app-listing){: target="_blank"}.

    Disclaimer: The inclusion of apps in this directory does not imply endorsement by the HL7 FHIR IPA project. Users are encouraged to research and verify the suitability of each app for their specific needs.


---
