index.md, before:

---
layout: home

# Slider
slider:
  - image: "/assets/images/sliders/slider-image-1.png"
    heading: "Portable <span>Health Data</span>"
    heading2: "Health records. Anywhere. Everywhere."
    text: "Accessing patient health records across borders improves care coordination and patient outcomes."
    button:
      name: "Learn More"
      link: "/resources-for-patients"
  - image: "/assets/images/sliders/slider-image-2.png"
    heading: "Empowering <span>Patients</span>"
    heading2: "One standard to manage access."
    text: "Give patients control over their health data and facilitate efficient access to care regardless of location."
    button:
      name: "Learn More"
      link: "/empower-patients"
  - image: "/assets/images/sliders/slider-image-3.png"
    heading: "Your <span>Health Data!</span>"
    heading2: "Locations and apps adopting this standard."
    text: "Discover the growing network using this system for secure and efficient patient data exchange."
    button:
      name: "Learn More"
      link: "/worldwide-adoption"

# Highlights
highlights:
  heading: "How Access Works"
  text: "This overview outlines three easy steps for patients to connect with their health data, allowing them to gain secure access and take control of their health information."
  items:
    - path: "get-your-card.md"
      heading: "Connect"
      text: Securely link patient health records across systems.
      icon: "/assets/images/highlight-image-1.png"
    - path: "save-your-card.md"
      heading: "Access"
      text: Authorize and retrieve necessary patient information.
      icon: "/assets/images/highlight-image-2.png"
    - path: "share-your-card.md"
      heading: "Share"
      text: Facilitate the secure exchange of health data for improved care.
      icon: "/assets/images/highlight-image-3.png"

# About
about:
  heading: "What is International Patient Access?"
  text: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum."
  text2:
  image: "/assets/images/what-is-patient-access.png"
  button:
    name: "Learn More"
    link: "/what-is-patient-access"

# Achivement
achivement:
  heading: "Over 8000+ users worldwide"
  text: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culp."
  text2: ""
  list:
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "4000+"
      description: "In the US"
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "2000+"
      description: "In Canada"
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "1000+"
      description: "In Asia"
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "900+"
      description: "Others"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  heading: "What People Say"
  description: ""
  list:
    - name: "Celesto Anderson"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Donec condimentum vehicula iaculis. Maecenas in aliquet neque. Suspendisse viverra, ante eget pellentesque pulvinar, nunc nisi molestie ligula, vitae convallis orci justo vitae sem. Integer vitae imperdiet augue, sed accumsan diam. Etiam non quam commodo dolor convallis cursus. Duis tempus dolor eget gravida fringilla. In ultricies velit eget sem tempus egestas."
    - name: "John Doe"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "Donec condimentum vehicula iaculis. Maecenas in aliquet neque. Suspendisse viverra, ante eget pellentesque pulvinar, nunc nisi molestie ligula, vitae convallis orci justo vitae sem. Integer vitae imperdiet augue, sed accumsan diam. Etiam non quam commodo dolor convallis cursus. Duis tempus dolor eget gravida fringilla. In ultricies velit eget sem tempus egestas."
    - name: "Jake Johnson"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "Donec condimentum vehicula iaculis. Maecenas in aliquet neque. Suspendisse viverra, ante eget pellentesque pulvinar, nunc nisi molestie ligula, vitae convallis orci justo vitae sem. Integer vitae imperdiet augue, sed accumsan diam. Etiam non quam commodo dolor convallis cursus. Duis tempus dolor eget gravida fringilla. In ultricies velit eget sem tempus egestas."

# Blog Posts
latest_blog_post:
  heading: "Patient Access News"
  text: "A curated collection of articles and press releases on International Patient Access, HL7 FHIR and health data interoperability."
  filters: false
  limit: "4"
---

Commit message:

(ARG-162) ✨ Add multiple-paragraph capability to About module
Signed-off-by: GitHub <noreply@github.com>

index.md, after:

---
layout: home

# Slider
slider:
  - image: "/assets/images/sliders/slider-image-1.png"
    heading: "Portable <span>Health Data</span>"
    heading2: "Health records. Anywhere. Everywhere."
    text: "Accessing patient health records across borders improves care coordination and patient outcomes."
    button:
      name: "Learn More"
      link: "/resources-for-patients"
  - image: "/assets/images/sliders/slider-image-2.png"
    heading: "Empowering <span>Patients</span>"
    heading2: "One standard to manage access."
    text: "Give patients control over their health data and facilitate efficient access to care regardless of location."
    button:
      name: "Learn More"
      link: "/empower-patients"
  - image: "/assets/images/sliders/slider-image-3.png"
    heading: "Your <span>Health Data!</span>"
    heading2: "Locations and apps adopting this standard."
    text: "Discover the growing network using this system for secure and efficient patient data exchange."
    button:
      name: "Learn More"
      link: "/worldwide-adoption"

# Highlights
highlights:
  heading: "How Access Works"
  text: "This overview outlines three easy steps for patients to connect with their health data, allowing them to gain secure access and take control of their health information."
  items:
    - path: "get-your-card.md"
      heading: "Connect"
      text: Securely link patient health records across systems.
      icon: "/assets/images/highlight-image-1.png"
    - path: "save-your-card.md"
      heading: "Access"
      text: Authorize and retrieve necessary patient information.
      icon: "/assets/images/highlight-image-2.png"
    - path: "share-your-card.md"
      heading: "Share"
      text: Facilitate the secure exchange of health data for improved care.
      icon: "/assets/images/highlight-image-3.png"

# About
about:
  heading: "What is International Patient Access?"
  text: | # This allows us to use markdown as long as the following content is indented
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culpa qui officia deserunt mollit anim id est laborum.

    A second paragraph can be added here to provide additional information about the topic.

    Even a third paragraph can be added here to provide additional information about the topic.

    - Or you can list
    - Some key points
    - About the topic

    ### Or add a subheading

    And then continue with more information about the topic.

    ---

    *How cool is this?*
  image: "/assets/images/what-is-patient-access.png"
  button:
    name: "Learn More"
    link: "/what-is-patient-access"

# Achivement
achivement:
  heading: "Over 8000+ users worldwide"
  text: "Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur. Excepteur sint occaecat cupidatat non proident, sunt in culp."
  text2: ""
  list:
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "4000+"
      description: "In the US"
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "2000+"
      description: "In Canada"
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "1000+"
      description: "In Asia"
    - icon: "/assets/images/icon_4.svg"
      name: "900+"
      description: "Others"

# Testimonials
testimonials:
  heading: "What People Say"
  description: ""
  list:
    - name: "Celesto Anderson"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_3.jpg"
      text: "Donec condimentum vehicula iaculis. Maecenas in aliquet neque. Suspendisse viverra, ante eget pellentesque pulvinar, nunc nisi molestie ligula, vitae convallis orci justo vitae sem. Integer vitae imperdiet augue, sed accumsan diam. Etiam non quam commodo dolor convallis cursus. Duis tempus dolor eget gravida fringilla. In ultricies velit eget sem tempus egestas."
    - name: "John Doe"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_1.jpg"
      text: "Donec condimentum vehicula iaculis. Maecenas in aliquet neque. Suspendisse viverra, ante eget pellentesque pulvinar, nunc nisi molestie ligula, vitae convallis orci justo vitae sem. Integer vitae imperdiet augue, sed accumsan diam. Etiam non quam commodo dolor convallis cursus. Duis tempus dolor eget gravida fringilla. In ultricies velit eget sem tempus egestas."
    - name: "Jake Johnson"
      position: ""
      image: "/assets/images/testimonial_2.jpg"
      text: "Donec condimentum vehicula iaculis. Maecenas in aliquet neque. Suspendisse viverra, ante eget pellentesque pulvinar, nunc nisi molestie ligula, vitae convallis orci justo vitae sem. Integer vitae imperdiet augue, sed accumsan diam. Etiam non quam commodo dolor convallis cursus. Duis tempus dolor eget gravida fringilla. In ultricies velit eget sem tempus egestas."

# Blog Posts
latest_blog_post:
  heading: "Patient Access News"
  text: "A curated collection of articles and press releases on International Patient Access, HL7 FHIR and health data interoperability."
  filters: false
  limit: "4"
---
